Frequently Asked Questions | Tryst.link: Find independent escorts
Skip to content
Search
Log in
Sign up
Menu
Search
Membership & Pricing
Locations
TLC donation matching
Resources
Tryst Blog
Resources
Good Client Guide
Sex work FAQ
Tryst.link FAQ
Platform
Knowledge Base
Contact Tryst Support
Feedback
About
Social
Log in
or
Sign up
Frequently Asked Questions
General
Who runs Tryst?
A sex work and technologist run social enterprise called
Assembly Four
created and runs Tryst. You may know of us from our first project,
Switter
.
You can read more about why we started Tryst
Are the providers on Tryst verified?
In order to have an ad which is live on Tryst, workers must submit photo verification. We use this in combination with a handful of other methods to ensure that the person pictured in the advertisement is real and matches the photos. Of course, like any site offering verified profiles, this drastically reduces the likelihood of fake profiles but cannot guarantee 100% authenticity. We always encourage prospective clients to do their own due diligence. We have put together a number of articles in our client guide, to help ensure that clients have the best possible experience on Tryst.
How do I become verified?
How does Tryst give back to the community?
Assembly Four has ties to both the sex industry and the tech world which has allowed for the creation of a unique product that cares for workers in much more explicit ways than other advertising platforms. In the vast majority of cases, sex workers' interests are not being put first by these other platforms. Workers are exploited and put in harm's way by platforms that do not have the entrenched security and value system that Tryst.link has built. We try our best to give back where we can by supporting organisations based in harm reduction, sex work, and education. Since the beginning of 2020, and despite COVID-19, we have been able to help financially and technically support
over 20 organisations
.
Can I see your site policies?
Sure! The list below links you to each of the policies you need to agree to when using Tryst.link.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Advertising Policy
Code of Conduct
I messaged you on socials and no one has replied!
We do not monitor our DMs on socials as we are still a small team who prefer to manage all support tickets via the one channel. The support team are available Monday-Friday 10am-6pm AEST via our support centre and should reply within 3 business days.
Ask for help
Profile
I've just signed up, how long will it take for my profile to be online?
We aim to review profile and photo submissions within 3 business days.
How long will it take for my profile to be online?
I can't find my profile?!
If your profile has been approved and you have received an email from us, congratulations! Your profile is now live on Tryst. If you can’t find your profile while scrolling through Tryst, here are a few things to check.
Your profile meets the
minimum requirements
, including at least 3 approved photos.
You are searching in the correct location. You will only appear in your home location and in locations you are travelling to if it is within 30 days of an active tour.
Your "caters to" is filled out with the correct genders. You won't show up in search results at all if you haven't filled out this section of your profile.
If you still can't find your profile, please send us an email via the support field on your dashboard and we can have a closer look.
I can't find my profile
My profile hasn't been approved or verified. Help!
We review each profile manually. All review is done by a team which includes current and former sex workers. You can help us approve your profile more quickly by checking your dashboard to make sure you have provided everything we need. Keep an eye on your email inbox (and check your spam and other folders just in case) — we’ll be in touch if there are any issues with your profile.
Please also make sure you have met the minimum requirements before submitting your profile. Your profile will not be approved without about text or at least 3 photos which meet our
photo guidelines
.
My profile hasn't been approved or verified. Help!
I don't want my profile on Tryst anymore. Is there a way to delete it?
You can hide your profile from the dashboard at any time for temporary removal. If you no longer want to have a Tryst profile at all, you can close your account.
How do I remove my profile from Tryst?
How do I increase my exposure on Tryst?
Tryst works a little differently to most other ad platforms in that you don't have to fight for the top spot on the homepage to get exposure, nor do you have to pay for expensive bumps. If you'd like to know how to increase your exposure please check out a few of our blog articles where we talk about all things Tryst or check out this article on our support centre.
Increase my exposure on Tryst
Photos & Media
Can I use photos which aren't of me but look like me?
No. All photos uploaded to your profile on Tryst absolutely must be of you and you must have the rights to use those images.
Tryst Photo Guidelines
Do you have photo requirements?
Yes. Whilst your images don't need to be professionally taken, they do need to be of high quality.
Please ensure your photos are:
High resolution, and not blurry or difficult to make out.
Have no watermarks, including watermarks by the photographer trying to advertise their business.
Have no contact or other text on them. There is space for this on your profile.
Tryst Photo Guidelines
Payments
How do I know when my trial is up and how do I pay?
We will send you an email when your free trial is about to run out. From there you can choose to stay on lite (free) or upgrade to one of
our other plans
with access to more features and exposure.
Manage your plan
What payment types do you accept?
We support a wide range of credit and debit card providers from around the world as well as Bitcoin. You can currently purchase TLC using:
MasterCard (Credit, Debit)
Maestro International
Diners Club International
Carte Bleue
Dankort
Nexi/Carta Si
₿ Bitcoin
Accepted payment methods
Still got a question?
We've popped together an extensive support centre to answer all your Tryst.link related questions. We also have a dedicated local support team who can help you out via the ask for help button in the knowledge base.
Tryst Support Centre
Ask for help
Artwork by
Exotic Cancer
This website contains adult content
By continuing to use Tryst, you agree you're
over the age of 18
and have
read and agreed
to our
terms
.
Parents/guardians
, you can learn more about online safety in the
Assembly Four parents guide
to adult content.
Agree and close
Decline
Showing
Female
profiles
Change
Change Language
English (International)
English (US)
Close
Set Preferences
Showing
Female
profiles
Change
Language
: English (US)
Change
Menu
Home
Memberships & Pricing
Sign Up
Login
Browse
Locations
All Escorts
Backpage Alternatives
Resources
Blog
TLC Donation Matching
Resources
#AcceptanceMatters
Escort Terms
Tryst.link FAQ
Sex Work FAQ
Tryst Status
Platform
Help / Support
About
Social
Terms
Privacy
Legal Notices
Anti-Exploitation Policy
Melbourne escorts
Sydney escorts
Brisbane escorts
Canberra escorts
Perth escorts
Newcastle escorts
Adelaide escorts
Gold Coast escorts
Sunshine Coast escorts
Cairns escorts
Byron Bay escorts
Hobart escorts
© 2018–2026, Assembly Four
Location data provided by
GeoNames
, which is licensed under
CC BY 4.0
Select Preferences
I am
Male
Female
Non-binary
A couple
Rather not say
Looking for
Female
Male
Non-binary
Trans Only
Close
Set Preferences